I have now purchased the ticketing app for XYZ domain.
I'm now on the named Cheap Configuration page where I can make changes to how this domain name behaves.
On this page, there's really just one setting that we want to change.
We're going to find something around name servers or DNS servers depending upon the provider you purchase
your domain name from.
This setting is going to be somewhere slightly different by default.
You're probably using some kind of basic or preset DNS.
We are going to update this to a setting of custom DNS and then we're going to enter in three custom
name servers.
The first one we are going to enter here is ns one digital ocean.
And as to digital ocean dot com or then going to add one more and put in GNS three digital ocean dot
com.
I'll then click the green checkmark on the right hand side to save those changes.
And after a quick refresh, this should eventually say, yeah, something like that right there.
So we should have one, two and three digital ocean.
Once we've made those changes, we're then going to go back over to our Digital Ocean Dashboard.
We're going to find the networking tab once again and then click on domains.
We'll enter in our domain name right here, the one you just purchased.
So for me, it is going to be.
Ticketing app, product X, Y, Z.
I'm going to enter in right there.
There we go.
And then add domain.
Once we add that domain, we're going to be prompted for a couple of different settings so we can add
in some new records to customize exactly how this domain name behaves.
We are going to enter in two additional records.
The first record we're going to add in is going to be an A record.
So I'm going to enter in and at right there.
And then going to click on this will direct to box and I'm going to click on my load balancer that was
just created.
Now if you forget the name of your load balancer, you can always open up that networking tab once again
and go over to the Load Balancers tab.
The name of my load balancer is a7b0 AF.
So on this dropdown I'm going to find a7b, a0f.
There it is right there.
And then going to change the time to life down to 30 seconds.
And I'll create the record.
After that, we're going to create one other record.
I'm going to click on See Name at the top.
I'll then enter in w.
W w.
And then four is an alias of we're going to put in that like so.
I then go to change the time to live also to 30 seconds and create the record.
And that should be it.
So now we need to go back over to our ingress engine X config file and we need to make sure that we
tell it that whenever it's running in production mode, we want it to watch for requests coming in to
a domain of ticketing app, product, XYZ or whatever your domain name is.
So for that, I'm going to go back over to my editor.
I'm going to find my ingress service file inside of the prod directory.
Then on the host right here, we're going to delete ticketing, dot dev or whatever host you were using
locally and will replace it with our new domain name.
We're also going to add in w w to the very start as well.
We should have w w w your domain name.
We're then going to save this file and we're going to go through that exact same series of changes that
we go through or the same flow where we have to commit these changes, push it up to our dev branch,
create the pull request, and approve the polar request.
The back over at my terminal.
I'll do a get status while on the dev branch.
I'll make sure that I've got the change to the k aids directory.
I'll then add the change and commit it.
I'll push it up to GitHub.
And then after I pushed it, I'll go over to GitHub itself and create a new pull request.
Okay.
So over on GitHub.
I'll go to my polar request tab.
I will create a new request.
And again, we want to go from Dev into the master branch.
So I should be able to take a look and make sure that.
Yep, I've got my domain name inside there.
I'll create the pull request.
They're not going to be any tests that are going to run because we don't have any tests around our infra
directory.
So we should be able to merge this request right away.
After we merge the request, we can then go up to our actions tab.
We should see our workflow or deploy manifests running right now.
So I'm going to click on that.
I'll click on the build tab.
And then we should see once again doctor being installed configured.
We should then be applying all of our manifests.
So there's the big application right there and it looks like everything is green.
So we're now going to wait for a little bit.
It usually takes about maybe ten, 15 minutes for all the changes that we just made to that domain,
domain name to actually go live.
In theory, it should be faster.
But I'm going to tell you, you should probably wait about ten or 15 minutes.
After that, we're then going to try to navigate to our domain name inside the browser and make sure
that we can see our application.
So I'm going to wait for a couple of minutes right now.
I'll come back the next video and we're going to test out our domain.